Hi we'll come back in this video we're looking at all off now.
I apologize.
This is another of these presentations but it is going to be short I promise.
First question is why does all exist.
And the answer to that is nobody likes creating accounts.
If you go into these Web sites that want you to create an account but you are not really sure if you're
going to use it or not then you don't really want to create an account and you have to come up with
a new secure unique password and it's just a faff really it's a hassle.
Not only that but social media is a big cutis meaning everyone really has a social media profile be
it Twitter Facebook Google Plus or a bunch of others.
That means nobody likes reading accounts.
Everyone already has an account so why not use that as a passport.
Loggin we've seems like a good idea right.
There was actually quite a bit of worry about sharing your social media password logging with Facebook
.
They then have your password they can logon with your Facebook and do bad things.
Well fortunately no you don't share your social media password.
You can log in with Twitter in Web Site X Y Zand without giving them your Twitter password.
And there's a bit of a contrived process in order to make that happen.
But instead all you have to do is ask Twitter to generate a unique token just a number and you share
that.
So you have your Twitter account and you ask Twitter Twitter please generate a number that is unique
to my account so that those people that know that number can represent my account in their web sites
and you may not really understand what that means.
And that's totally fine.
We're going to be going into how it works.
So how does it work.
Well you have a user that arrived at your Web site which I'm calling Web site X ways and your web design
has a sign in with Twitter button.
So they use operettas that because they don't want to create an account as soon as they press that button
.
The user leave your website and they go to this website.
This is Twitter and it has a message saying authorize and then your Web site.
In this case it's an example just as card ops but it says authorize your Web site to use your account
and then you can say Simon Yes or cancel.
No.
And then it also tells you what the application will be able to do.
Read tweets and see who you follow and so on.
So if the user presses sign in then they are redirected back to your web site with some data which is
what allows your Web site to represent that user input.
And then the user is happy they have now logged in.
They're no longer orange with anger.
Now I realize I haven't really told you how it really works.
I've only told you kind of what the user has to do.
So how does it really work.
I'll give you the technical details and it's going to be a bit smaller attacks just because it doesn't
fit on one screen.
The first thing your application has to do is tell Twitter that you're going to try to log in a user
.
Now why.
Why do you have to tell Twitter that we're going to try to log in to use.
And that is because Twitter is stateless it doesn't know who is who.
So you have to say Twitter please generate a unique number for me and for a few seconds we're going
to use that number to refer to this user.
OK.
So Twitter generates a small unique number which is called the request token.
So it doesn't get confused and the user then authorizes log in via Twitter by clicking the blue button
that says seinen.
And then Twitter now says OK another user has logged in via Twitter.
This small unique number the request token isn't really large enough.
There's a lot of log in with Twitter buttons around.
So we need to generate a longer term.
So Twitter generates an authorization code for that specific logging which is going to allow the request
to can and the user to authorize each other our application receives the authorization blue site the
authorization code.
And then we send that code to Twitter and they generate a long random number which is the access to
care which is the number that represents the use.
Whenever we make a request to Twitter if we put that access token in that request today will know we
represented this user.
OK.
So the first thing is we generate a request token then Twitter generates an authorization code and then
we send that request token and that the authorization code to Twitter and they generate the access token
which is what we used to represent.
They use the authorization code can be received in one of two ways.
If our application is a web application meaning we have a Web site the user gets redirected to our application
and Twitter includes in that redirection the authorization code or if our application is not a web application
we dont have a website.
The user has to manually enter a PIN code.
So let's summarize first with X we ask for a request token then the user signs in with Twitter authorizing
our application then we get an authorization code.
If we are a web application we're going to be looking into how to do that later on.
Then we get a redirect the user accidentally pressed the button.
They get redirected to our application and our application is not a web application.
We get a pin code.
The user has to type in the PIN code themselves.
Finally we also have the access token which gets generated using the request token and the authorization
code the access token is used to represent that they use.
What does that mean.
Once we have the access token we can request from the Twitter API.
Sending in the access token and then Twitter will send us back for example the direct messages of the
user that the access token is for the access token is used to represent a user in Twitter and all that
is necessary because Twitter is a rest API.
It is stateless.
It doesn't know who we are.
Just because we've done a request previously because we're locked in.
So there we go.
First the best you can then the user signs in.
Then we get an authorization code.
And finally we get the access token generated and we can use that to represent the user.
That's the end of this video.
We're going to be looking at more of this and doing it in python over the next few videos.
So I'll see you there.